hey everybody its junkyard here how you
through and got a video up on my shin
over respawn and it's onto rail that's
why we're out here in the outdoors at
full oh that was close anyhow make sure
you check out that capture the flag I
got some fun questions in there and
always interactive you know how I am I
also got the PX 21 in so i will be doing
a review on this within the next week or
so i'm not sure what it's going to get
on machinima hopefully you'll be up
there within the next week or so
probably two weeks knowing them anyhow
this this is primarily for the ps3
because i know a lot of you guys been
asking me about it but it works on the
360 as well as a pc and the mac so
actually i'm really excited to see what
how this works in well we'll go over
that in help on top of that don't forget
about this weekend super gone i am one
of the internet hosts for you guys so
check out the link below you're going to
see me on live ustream literally all day
friday and all day saturday well off and
on all day friday and all day saturday
i'm going to be doing interviews with
individuals there i'll be talking to
gamers i'll be talking to production
managers i'll be talking to gaming
project i'll be talking a whole bunch of
people so make sure you check us out
after you stream link is below as well
as supercon and all the general
information link is below and if you get
an opportunity to come on down to denver
colorado downtown denver colorado you
might be able to even find me and meet
yours truly it being but i'll be a lot
of fun anyhow as you can see it's
getting real cold out here and I'm well
i'm done with the outdoors I'm going
back in where it's nice and warm and oh
obviously you know how I love those
needless to say is keep gaming you guys
are sending those to me so I'm greatly
appreciated but I have one here that
well this gentleman went above and
beyond and I
to say he outdid himself me so this is
for my buddy and good friend
gassymexican take a look and I'll see
you guys soon hello junkyard and
junkyard enthusiasts I recently
understand that junkyard is asking you
guys to submit videos of yourself saying
Eakins to say keep gaming as video
responses on his youtube videos so he
can place them at the end of his videos
so I figured I might as well take it
upon myself to give you the proper
template for such an endeavor I'm
sitting next to a piano I am also in a
suit the eagle-eyed you may have spotted
a purple feather in my coat pocket while
us because I'm secure with my manliness
and classes allottee so I say to you
guys needless to say keep gaming this is
scotch not really it's cook